Education Store Home Exit
Newsroom
 Search Newsroom Apple Stories Popular Topics
Apple Newsroom needs your permission to enable desktop notifications when new articles are published 
PRESS RELEASE
February 2, 2023
Apple reports first quarter
results
Installed base crosses 2 billion active devices and hits all-time
high for all major product categories
Services set new all-time revenue record
   
CUPERTINO, CALIFORNIA — Apple today announced financial results for its
fiscal 2023 first quarter ended December 31, 2022. The Company posted
quarterly revenue of $117.2 billion, down 5 percent year over year, and
quarterly earnings per diluted share of $1.88.
“As we all continue to navigate a challenging environment, we are proud to
have our best lineup of products and services ever, and as always, we
remain focused on the long term and are leading with our values in
everything we do,” said Tim Cook, Appleʼs CEO. “During the December
quarter, we achieved a major milestone and are excited to report that we
now have more than 2 billion active devices as part of our growing installed
base.”
“We set an all-time revenue record of $20.8 billion in our Services
business, and in spite of a difficult macroeconomic environment and
significant supply constraints, we grew total company revenue on a
constant currency basis,” said Luca Maestri, Appleʼs CFO. “We generated
$34 billion in operating cash flow and returned over $25 billion to
shareholders during the quarter while continuing to invest in our long-term
growth plans.”
Appleʼs board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.23 per share
of the Companyʼs common stock. The dividend is payable on February 16,
2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 13,
2023.
Apple will provide live streaming of its Q1 2023 financial results conference
call beginning at 2X00 p.m. PT on February 2, 2023 at
apple.com/investor/earnings-call. This webcast will be available for replay
for approximately two weeks thereafter.
Share article
   
Consolidated Financial Statements View PDF 
Apple periodically provides information for investors on its corporate website, apple.com, and its
investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about
financial performance, reports filed or furnished with the SEC, information on corporate governance,
and details related to its annual meeting of shareholders.
This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include without limitation those about
the payment of the Companyʼs quarterly dividend, its installed base growth, and its long-term plans.
These statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from any
future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include
without limitation: effects of global and regional economic conditions, including as a result of
government policies, war, terrorism, natural disasters, and public health issues; risks relating to the
design, manufacture, introduction, and transition of products and services in highly competitive and
rapidly changing markets, including from reliance on third parties for components, technology,
manufacturing, applications, and content; risks relating to information technology system failures,
network disruptions, and failure to protect, loss of, or unauthorized access to, or release of, data; and
effects of unfavorable legal proceedings, government investigations, and complex and changing laws
and regulations. More information on these risks and other potential factors that could affect the
Companyʼs business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price is included in
the Companyʼs filings with the SEC, including in the “Risk Factors” and “Managementʼs Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of the Companyʼs most recently
filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and subsequent filings. The Company assumes no
obligation to update any forward-looking statements or information, which speak as of their respective
dates.
About Apple
Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple
leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Appleʼs five software
platforms — iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple
devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple
Pay, and iCloud. Appleʼs more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on
earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Press Contact
Apple Media Helpline
media.help@apple.com
© 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple. Other
company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
The latest news and updates,
direct from Apple.
Read more
 Newsroom Apple reports first quarter results
Shop and Learn +
Apple Wallet +
Account +
Entertainment +
Apple Store +
For Business +
For Education +
For Healthcare +
For Government +
Apple Values +
About Apple +
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
