Education Store Home Exit
Newsroom
 Search Newsroom Apple Stories Popular Topics
Apple Newsroom needs your permission to enable desktop notifications when new articles are published 
PRESS RELEASE
May 4, 2023
Apple reports second quarter
results
Services revenue reaches new all-time high
iPhone revenue sets March quarter record
   
CUPERTINO, CALIFORNIA — Apple today announced financial results for its
fiscal 2023 second quarter ended April 1, 2023. The Company posted
quarterly revenue of $94.8 billion, down 3 percent year over year, and
quarterly earnings per diluted share of $1.52, unchanged year over year.
“We are pleased to report an all-time record in Services and a March
quarter record for iPhone despite the challenging macroeconomic
environment, and to have our installed base of active devices reach an all-
time high,” said Tim Cook, Appleʼs CEO. “We continue to invest for the long
term and lead with our values, including making major progress toward
building carbon neutral products and supply chains by 2030.”
“Our year-over-year business performance improved compared to the
December quarter, and we generated strong operating cash flow of $28.6
billion while returning over $23 billion to shareholders during the quarter,”
said Luca Maestri, Appleʼs CFO. “Given our confidence in Appleʼs future
and the value we see in our stock, our Board has authorized an additional
$90 billion for share repurchases. We are also raising our quarterly
dividend for the eleventh year in a row.”
Appleʼs board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.24 per share
of the Companyʼs common stock, an increase of 4 percent. The dividend is
payable on May 18, 2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of
business on May 15, 2023. The board of directors has also authorized an
additional program to repurchase up to $90 billion of the Companyʼs
common stock.
Apple will provide live streaming of its Q2 2023 financial results conference
call beginning at 2[00 p.m. PT on May 4, 2023 at
apple.com/investor/earnings-call. The webcast will be available for replay
for approximately two weeks thereafter.
Share article
   
Consolidated Financial Statements View PDF 
Apple periodically provides information for investors on its corporate website, apple.com, and its
investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about
financial performance, reports filed or furnished with the SEC, information on corporate governance,
and details related to its annual meeting of shareholders.
This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include without limitation those about
the Companyʼs plans for return of capital, the payment of its quarterly dividend, its installed base
growth, and its investment plans and environmental initiatives. These statements involve risks and
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by
the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include without limitation: effects of global and
regional economic conditions, including as a result of government policies, war, terrorism, natural
disasters, and public health issues; risks relating to the design, manufacture, introduction, and
transition of products and services in highly competitive and rapidly changing markets, including from
reliance on third parties for components, technology, manufacturing, applications, and content; risks
relating to information technology system failures, network disruptions, and failure to protect, loss of, or
unauthorized access to, or release of, data; and effects of unfavorable legal proceedings, government
investigations, and complex and changing laws and regulations. More information on these risks and
other potential factors that could affect the Companyʼs business, reputation, results of operations,
financial condition, and stock price is included in the Companyʼs filings with the SEC, including in the
“Risk Factors” and “Managementʼs Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” sections of the Companyʼs most recently filed periodic reports on Form 10-K and Form 10-
Q and subsequent filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements or information, which speak as of their respective dates.
About Apple
Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple
leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Appleʼs five software
platforms — iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple
devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple
Pay, and iCloud. Appleʼs more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on
earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Press Contact
Josh Rosenstock
Apple
jrosenstock@apple.com
(408) 862-1142
Investor Relations Contact
Suhasini Chandramouli
Apple
suhasini@apple.com
(408) 862-5119
© 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple. Other
company and product names may be trademarks of their respective owners.
The latest news and updates,
direct from Apple.
Read more
 Newsroom Apple reports second quarter results
Shop and Learn +
Apple Wallet +
Account +
Entertainment +
Apple Store +
For Business +
For Education +
For Healthcare +
For Government +
Apple Values +
About Apple +
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
