Education Store Home Exit
Newsroom
 Search Newsroom Apple Stories Popular Topics
Apple Newsroom needs your permission to enable desktop notifications when new articles are published 
PRESS RELEASE
November 2, 2023
Apple reports fourth quarter
results
iPhone revenue sets September quarter record
Services revenue reaches new all-time high
   
CUPERTINO, CALIFORNIA — Apple today announced financial results for its
fiscal 2023 fourth quarter ended September 30, 2023. The Company
posted quarterly revenue of $89.5 billion, down 1 percent year over year,
and quarterly earnings per diluted share of $1.46, up 13 percent year over
year.
“Today Apple is pleased to report a September quarter revenue record for
iPhone and an all-time revenue record in Services,” said Tim Cook, Appleʼs
CEO. “We now have our strongest lineup of products ever heading into the
holiday season, including the iPhone 15 lineup and our first carbon neutral
Apple Watch models, a major milestone in our efforts to make all Apple
products carbon neutral by 2030.”
“Our active installed base of devices has again reached a new all-time high
across all products and all geographic segments, thanks to the strength of
our ecosystem and unparalleled customer loyalty,” said Luca Maestri,
Appleʼs CFO. “During the September quarter, our business performance
drove double digit EPS growth and we returned nearly $25 billion to our
shareholders, while continuing to invest in our long-term growth plans.”
Appleʼs board of directors has declared a cash dividend of $0.24 per share
of the Companyʼs common stock. The dividend is payable on November 16,
2023 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November
13, 2023.
Apple will provide live streaming of its Q4 2023 financial results conference
call beginning at 2Y00 p.m. PT on November 2, 2023 at
apple.com/investor/earnings-call. The webcast will be available for replay
for approximately two weeks thereafter.
Share article
   
Consolidated Financial Statements View PDF 
Apple periodically provides information for investors on its corporate website, apple.com, and its
investor relations website, investor.apple.com. This includes press releases and other information about
financial performance, reports filed or furnished with the SEC, information on corporate governance,
and details related to its annual meeting of shareholders.
This press release contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include without limitation those about
payment of the Companyʼs quarterly dividend and its environmental goals and initiatives. These
statements involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from any future
results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties include without
limitation: effects of global and regional economic conditions, including as a result of government
policies, war, terrorism, natural disasters, and public health issues; risks relating to the design,
manufacture, introduction, and transition of products and services in highly competitive and rapidly
changing markets, including from reliance on third parties for components, technology, manufacturing,
applications, and content; risks relating to information technology system failures, network disruptions,
and failure to protect, loss of, or unauthorized access to, or release of, data; and effects of unfavorable
legal proceedings, government investigations, and complex and changing laws and regulations. More
information on these risks and other potential factors that could affect the Companyʼs business,
reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and stock price is included in the Companyʼs filings
with the SEC, including in the “Risk Factors” and “Managementʼs Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” sections of the Companyʼs most recently filed periodic reports on
Form 10-K and Form 10-Q and subsequent filings. The Company assumes no obligation to update any
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made.
About Apple
Apple revolutionized personal technology with the introduction of the Macintosh in 1984. Today, Apple
leads the world in innovation with iPhone, iPad, Mac, Apple Watch, and Apple TV. Appleʼs five software
platforms — iOS, iPadOS, macOS, watchOS, and tvOS — provide seamless experiences across all Apple
devices and empower people with breakthrough services including the App Store, Apple Music, Apple
Pay, and iCloud. Appleʼs more than 100,000 employees are dedicated to making the best products on
earth, and to leaving the world better than we found it.
Press Contact
Josh Rosenstock
Apple
jrosenstock@apple.com
(408) 862-1142
Investor Relations Contact
Investor Relations
investor_relations@apple.com
(408) 974-3123
The latest news and updates,
direct from Apple.
Read more
 Newsroom Apple reports fourth quarter results
Shop and Learn +
Apple Wallet +
Account +
Entertainment +
Apple Store +
For Business +
For Education +
For Healthcare +
For Government +
Apple Values +
About Apple +
More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE.
United States
Copyright © 2023 Apple Inc. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
